This is the SST Model Creation Tool is will assist in developing
simple models for the SST Simulation Framework. This tool assumes
that SST has been installed and is running on your system. It also
assumes that you have set the $SST_ELEMENTS_HOME and the
$SST_CORE_HOME environment variables either in your .bashrc
or in your text browser. 

It is suggested that you create your model in a working directory;
the tool will copy the files correct directories inside of 
the SST Simulation Framework and configure SST to run your
model. The tool is setup to step you through the model development
process. Information about each step will be displayed in the 
information screen. Additionally tool tips are available if
you mouse over each button. Below is a brief description of 
each button and box on the tool:

Enter Model Name --> text box - Simply enter the name of your
  model, this name will be used as the base name for all of
  your files and your model's directory. If you do not enter
  a name the will not continue until a name is entered.

Generate/Open Templates button - This button will first create a 
  directory in your working directory with your model name, 
  inside this directory you will find your <model>.cc, <model>.h,
  <model>Wrapper.cc, Makefile.am, and tests/test_<model>.py
  templates. The templates will also appear in the pop-up editor
  gedit, so you can complete the development of your model. Create
  your model by editing the templates, save and close the editor.
  The templates do generate a very simple model that can be 
  compiled and run by the tool without any editing if you just
  want to try the tool out to see how it works before creating your own.
  It should be noted here that you do not have to edit the files in 
  the pop-up editor, you can close the tool at this point edit your
  templates off-line in the editor of your choice and re-enter
  the tool and proceed to the next step when you are ready.
  If model already exists in your working directory with the
  same name and the Overwrite Existing Model check box is 
  unchecked, the popup editor will open the existing model
  this will allow you use the GUI to complete your model if it 
  is not complete or correct errors found during compilation.

Configure button - This button will copy your model directory to 
  the proper place inside of the SST Simulation Framework, and run
  the autogen, and configure scripts. Once the scripts complete 
  Configure will run "make all install"

Overwrite Existing Model check box - Both the Generate Templates
  and Configure steps will check to see if a model is already
  present with the current name. Generate Templates will check
  in your working directory and Configure will check the 
  elements library. If this box is checked the old model will
  be overwritten with the new one you created.

Make Clean check box - If you select this check box Configure will
  run a "make clean" before running "make all install

Run SST button - This button will run the test_<mode>.py script
  (basically running your model in SST) the results will
  be displayed in the information window.

Run After Build check box - If you select this check box the tool
  will proceed directly to Run SST after Configure. It is suggested
  that this box remain unchecked until you at least get your model
  to compile.
