The Model Creator tab will step you through the development
of models based on stored templates in the templates folder.
The tool comes with a series of simple templates that is updated
when appropriate. All available templates will be displayed in
the Available Templates window when you select the Model Creator 
tab. Since this tool is run from your own working directory you
may add your own templates when you feel it is appropriate. The 
tool comes equipped with a button that will quickly convert models 
with proper directory structure into templates for use later. If 
you would like to test the this functionality simply type in a model 
name and select a model from the Available Templates screen run 
through the Generate -> Compile -> Run work flow and a simple model 
will be created. 

Enter Model Name text box - Simply enter the name of your
	model, this name will be used as the base name for all of
	your files and your model's directory. If you do not enter
	a name the GUI will not continue until a name is entered.

Overwrite Existing Model check box - Generate/Open Files will check
	to see if a model is already present with the current name in your
	working directory. If this box is checked the old model will
	be overwritten with the new one you created.

Model Directory text box - Defaults to the current directory. You can
	change this with the Browse Directories	button.

Browse Directories button - This button will change the location
	your model gets stored in.

Available Templates screen - This screen will display the 
	the available templates that come with a tool. A doxygen block
	is included at the top of each Template, if you need a
	simple discription of each model just "double click" the 
	model in the screen and a simple description will be displayed
	in the information screen. 

Browse Templates button - If you want to use a
	template that is not already in the templates directory you
	can use the Browse Templates button. When you press the 
	button a file browers will appear and "browse" to location
	that contains your desired template. Then select "Open" in 
	the file browser and your template will be selected. The full
	path will appear in the Selected Template text box.

Selected Template text box - Shows the path to the selected template.
	You can select a template by simply clicking on one from the
	Available Templates box, or by browsing to one using the Browse
	Templates button.

Generate/Open Files button - This button will first create a 
	directory in your working directory with your model name, 
	inside this directory you will find your <model>.cc, <model>.h,
	Makefile, and tests/<model>.py templates. The templates will also
	appear in an editor of your choice, so you can complete the
	development of your model. The editor is chosen by reading your
	EDITOR environment variable, if your environment variable is not
	set GEDIT will be selected by default. Create your model by editing the
	templates, save and close the editor. The templates do generate a
	very simple model that can be compiled and run by the tool without
	any editing if you just want to try the tool out to see how it 
	works before creating your own. If model already exists in your 
	working directory with the same name and the Overwrite Existing
	Model check box is unchecked, the popup editor will open the 
	existing model this will allow you use the GUI to complete your
	model. If the box is checked it will confirm if you want to overwrite
	the existing model, then overwrite the model. If you select a name
	that is the same as one of the elements already "registered" by
	SST, for a new install they consist of elements in the delivery,
	an error will be thrown and the tool will ask you to choose 
	another name. A list of all "registered" SST elements will 
	appear in the Information screen, so you can pick a unique
	name. If yourdesire is to test certain parameters under different 
        input conditions you can do "Parameter Sweeps" of up to five (5) 
        parameters. When you edit the your python test file simply input 
        the parameter in one of the following formats:
             - parameter increment without units -> min value-max value;Increment
                  10-20;2 (Increment can be positive or negative)
                  If Increment is not an interger multiple of your end value it will 
                  be the next value after the end point
             - parameter increment with units -> min value-max value;Increment Units
                  2-8;1 GHz (Increment can be positive or negative)
                  If Increment is not an interger multiple of your end value it will 
                  be the next value after the end point
                  Note a space is required between Increment value and Unit
             - comma delimited without units - value 1,value 2, ... value n
                  8,4,1
             - comma delimited with units - value 1 unit, value 2 unit, ... value n unit
                  2 KB,4 KB,8 MB 
       Notes on parameter Sweep inputs:
             - In comma delimited formats units can be mixed
             - In Increment formats the units will always be the Increments Units
             - If you want to enter a Hex value use 0x notation before each value
                 0xa - 0xb;2
                 0xa,0xe,0xf	

Make Clean check box - If you select this check box "Compile Model" will
	run a "make clean" before running "make all"

Compile Model button - This button will run "make all" which builds the
	sst library for your model and then links it into sst. If an 
	error occurs during the compile process you can correct the errors
	by opening the files using the Generate/Open Templates button, make
	sure Overwrite Existing Model is UNCHECKED, and recompile until 
	all errors are corrected. You do not need to close the editor
	each time simply just save the updated files before
	pressing the Compile Model button again.

Run After Build check box - If you select this check box the tool
	will proceed directly to Run SST after Compile Model. It is suggested
	that this box remain unchecked until you at least get your model
	to compile.

Run Model button - This button will run all the "test" files in the tests/
	directory (basically running your model in SST) the results will
	be displayed in the information window. It should be noted here that
	the model can be run outside of the GUI this button is just included
	for convenience. If you entered Parameter Sweep inputs the code will 
        automatically detect the the desired parameters, create a new test file 
        for each combination of your parameter sweep, and then run all test 
        files. It is suggested that you make sure your "statistics" output 
        is written to file. The output will be written to the Information Screen but
        the number of different combination may make it difficult to read strictly from
        the this screen.

Information screen (unlabeled) - Output from various tasks run with the 
	GUI will be displayed in the information screen. Color has been added
	to highlight some of the more important information to allow it to stand
	out.

